 1).What is #include <stdio.h>?
ans:it means adding header file to your program. stdio.h (standard input output) file contains functions related to
    the input/output operations like “printf”,”scanf” ,”getc”,”getchar” etc.Here “.h” extension refers to the header file.
    You request to use a header file in your program by including it with the C preprocessing directive #include, 
    like you have seen inclusion of stdio.h header file, which comes along with your compiler.
 2).What is printf? 
ans:"printf" is the name of the most-used C output function, and stands for "print formatted".
     printf format string refers to a control parameter used by a class of functions in the input/output libraries of C and 
     many other programming languages. The string is written in a simple template language: characters are usually copied 
     literally into the function's output.
 3).What is main ?
ans:All C language programs must have a main() function. It’s the core of every program. 
    It’s required. The main() function doesn’t really have to do anything other than be present inside your C source code. 
    Eventually, it contains instructions that tell the computer to carry out whatever task your program is designed to do.
    But it’s not officially required to do anything.
 4).Why should you learn touch tyoing on a qwerty keyboard ? 
ans:It has been proven that a trained touch typist can save around 20 – 35% of their time used on a computer through learning        
    this skill.
    1. Speed - 
         This is going to be the first and most obvious benefit of learning to touch type.
       A touch typist can easily reach typing speeds above 75-80 words per minute, while a non-trained individual is around 10.
       This is increased by the fact that an accomplished touch typist doesn’t have to look at the keyboard. Not only will you
       become more efficient, but you will also be able to direct focus where required.                                                                      
    2. Accuracy -
         One of the most important things to learn no matter how hard you type is to type accurately. 
       This increase yours or your staff’s confidence in their document production as they will know what they are writing is                                                     
       spelt correctly and grammatically accurate.
    3. Time - 
         If you increase your typing speed for example, from say 30 words per minute to 60, you have effectively halved 
       the time it would take you to do the same amount of work. An average two finger typist, typing at a speed of 10 words 
       per minute, will type a 170-word section in about 17 minutes. A touch typist, on the other hand, typing at an average 
       60 words per minute, can type the same section in around 4 minutes. It has been proven that a trained touch typist can 
       save around 20 – 35% of their time used on a computer through learning this skill.
    4. Decrease Fatigue - 
         Typing is both psychologically and physically exhausting when done for long periods of time. 
       Learning to touch type properly reduces mental and physical fatigue. Mentally, it keeps you from having to focus on 
       two things at once. All you have to worry about is your output, not finding the individual keys. Physically, it keeps 
       you from constantly having to bend your head over the keyboard to find your next couple of keystrokes.
    5. Health - 
          Overall, touch typing is better for your health. You’re not hunched over looking at the keys, and using all 
       of your fingers actually reduces the risk for repetitive stress injuries (RSI).
    6. Productivity - 
          By learning touch typing, you shall become more productive and even increase your own or your staff’s 
       confidence. Time is nearly halved and errors will become near enough non-existent. Touch typing is a skill to be proud
       of and is desired within most industries.
